Date: Fri, 1 Mar 2002 09:43:19 -0800 (PST)
From: louis.dicarlo@enron.com
To: sara.shackleton@enron.com
Subject: FW: D/F CP's missing from Gas-Correction
Cc: maria.garza@enron.com, michael.bridges@enron.com
Bcc: maria.garza@enron.com, michael.bridges@enron.com
X-FileName: sshackl (Non-Privileged).pst

Sara, we will look into the list of CPs Maria assembled below.  With regard to Wexford Spectrum Investors and Solitair Corp.,  are we certain that they are contracts w/ ENA?  It seems as long as they are ENA CPs it doesn't't matter what internal risk book they are included in.  Do you agree?

 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Garza, Maria  
Sent:	Friday, March 01, 2002 9:56 AM
To:	Shackleton, Sara
Cc:	Dicarlo, Louis; Panus, Stephanie; Rostant, Justin
Subject:	FW: D/F CP's missing from Gas-Correction

Wexford Spectrum Investors and Solitair Corp have financial gas positions but are currently booked in the FT-CAND-Erms book?
Wisconsin Gas Company - Physical transactions only

 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Garza, Maria  
Sent:	Friday, March 01, 2002 9:49 AM
To:	Shackleton, Sara
Cc:	Panus, Stephanie; Dicarlo, Louis; Rostant, Justin
Subject:	D/F CP's missing from Gas


Sara,

We have reviewed the list of D/F parties missing from the gas open position that was provided to Louis.
All of the CP's were identified in our books as in the money or out of the money transactions except the following:

Eugene Water & Electric	Power only-not in Tagg
General Electric Company	No Gas, Unleaded Fuel
HQ Energy Services		Power only-not in Tagg
International Paper Company	Does not show up in Credit Agg-No exposure?
Solitair Corporation		Does not show up in Credit Agg-No exposure?
Small Ventures USA		Gas-No exposure-Credit Agg and Tagg indicate Swaption has expired
The Kroger Co.			Does not show up in Credit Agg-No exposure?
Tom Brown Inc			Does not show up in Credit Agg-No exposure?
TransAlta Energy		Power-not in Tagg
Wells Fargo Bank		Does not show up in Credit Agg-No exposure?
Wexford Spectrum		Does not show up in Credit Agg-No exposure?



Maria Garza
x37019

<MARKUP id=erin Time=Thu Dec 01 16:53:04 GMT 2005 Interesting=true>CORE_BUSINESS</MARKUP>
